tell us what it's like to be the
greatest hero in the universe
no questions just pictures
yeah that's humiliating in the heart of
the universe
these brothers give everything in their
power to protect their galaxy I'm the
brains and you're the Brawn but there's
one place we've received an SOS from the
dark planets even they're not safe it's
so beautiful
commencing rescue up readings we've
heard your call for help don't you die
on me funny
boo snacks oh okay how you love you guys
Oh welcome to her no scorch has been
captured to see this brother
self-destruct sequence initiated
let's get messed up self-destruct
welcome dirt boo buddy Oh call the brain
freeze you need to learn to sip get in
there he's teaming up this is area 51
man there's no way out you can't do that
name are you finished with the toilet
uh-huh you've gotta forgive those guys
they got no manners with Earth's best
kept secrets who do you think you've
been in the Internet cellphone social
networking we did you think humans can
build that stuff
I don't think so diamond out this
February what have you done with my
brother I'm gonna wipe up the alien
infestation once planet at a time
get ready George are you okay of course
I am
nothing can stop scorch supernova wow
that was amazing for the ultimate family
escape I'm gonna miss this place
escape from Planet Earth I thought this
movie was supposed to be in 3d ok that's
better